male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male accountant.	accountant
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female accountant.	accountant
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male janitor.	janitor
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female janitor.	janitor
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male tailor.	tailor
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female tailor.	tailor
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male attendant.	attendant
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female attendant.	attendant
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male teacher.	teacher
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female teacher.	teacher
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male editor.	editor
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female editor.	editor
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male designer.	designer
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female designer.	designer
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male chief.	chief
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female chief.	chief
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male nurse.	nurse
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female nurse.	nurse
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male counselor.	counselor
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female counselor.	counselor
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male salesperson.	salesperson
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female salesperson.	salesperson
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male cook.	cook
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female cook.	cook
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male supervisor.	supervisor
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female supervisor.	supervisor
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male cleaner.	cleaner
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female cleaner.	cleaner
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male clerk.	clerk
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female clerk.	clerk
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male driver.	driver
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female driver.	driver
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male construction worker.	construction worker
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female construction worker.	construction worker
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male farmer.	farmer
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female farmer.	farmer
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male baker.	baker
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female baker.	baker
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male sheriff.	sheriff
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female sheriff.	sheriff
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male developer.	developer
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female developer.	developer
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male receptionist.	receptionist
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female receptionist.	receptionist
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male mover.	mover
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female mover.	mover
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male carpenter.	carpenter
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female carpenter.	carpenter
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male laborer.	laborer
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female laborer.	laborer
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male cashier.	cashier
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female cashier.	cashier
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male mechanic.	mechanic
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female mechanic.	mechanic
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male librarian.	librarian
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female librarian.	librarian
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male physician.	physician
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female physician.	physician
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male lawyer.	lawyer
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female lawyer.	lawyer
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male auditor.	auditor
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female auditor.	auditor
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male writer.	writer
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female writer.	writer
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male analyst.	analyst
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female analyst.	analyst
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male guard.	guard
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female guard.	guard
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male secretary.	secretary
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female secretary.	secretary
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male manager.	manager
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female manager.	manager
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male assistant.	assistant
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female assistant.	assistant
male	10	According to the previous sentence, the man is a male ceo.	CEO
female	10	According to the previous sentence, the woman is a female ceo.	CEO
